(date)

(Contact name)
(Contract Address 1)
(Contact Address 2)
(City, State, Zip)

Dear (Contact Name),

(Insured Name) recently worked with me to put a Living Benefits policy in place for (his/herself) and
(his/her family).

These policies allow the policyholder to accelerate their life insurance policy’s death benefit and get much-
needed money in their hands while they’re still living if they are to suffer a major illness or injury. To ensure
that this policy is able to do what it is designed to do, it is critical to designate Emergency Contacts that will
serve to alert me if any qualifying triggers occur with regard to (Insured Name)’s health.

(Insured Name) has identified you as a trusted individual to serve as one of (his/her) emergency contacts.
The purpose of this letter is to introduce myself as the person that you will need to contact if you become
aware that the insured has been stricken with any of the following triggering conditions:

• Heart Attack                           • Kidney Failure                          • Sudden Cardiac Arrest
• Stroke                                 • Aorta Graft Surgery                     • Paralysis
• Cancer                                 • Aplastic Anemia                         • Coma
• Major Organ Transplant                 • Cystic Fibrosis                         • Severe Burns
• Blindness                              • Heart Valve Replacement                 • Traumatic Brain Injured
• Lou Gehrig’s Disease (ALS)             • Motor Neuron Disease

Your job as a designated Emergency Contact is simple: save this letter and my contact information in a
safe place. Should (Insured Name) suffer any of the above triggers at any time in the future, please contact
me immediately via phone or email so I can utilize (his/her) Living Benefits policy to render the financial
protection this policy provides as soon as possible.

Thank you for your help in this important matter!


Sincerely,

Frederico e Camille Martins
Executives VP at Five Rings Financial
Licensed Financial Consultants
fred@fredericomartins.com
Fred: (954) 404-4300
Camille: (954) 812-1400


                       “We help you protect your family and grow your financial wealth”.
                               Script Emergency Contact

Message by phone:
Lead…. Tudo Bem? Quem me passou o seu contacto foi o JOHN SMITH….como o
contacto de emergência e pessoa de confiança dele (a).
Eu preciso de somente dois minutos para te explicar sobre as proteções que ele fez para ele e sua
família.



Lead…. Tudo Bem? Quem me passou o seu contacto foi o JOHN SMITH….como o
contacto de emergência e pessoa de confiança dele (a).
Eu preciso de somente dois minutos para te explicar sobre as proteções que ele fez para ele e sua
família.


Yes….
O JOHN SMITH está fazendo um plano de proteção familiar que vem com o tradicional seguro de
vida, mas além disso inclui coberturas para várias doenças como câncer, ataque de coração, AVC,
coma, transplante de órgãos e várias outras doenças.


Como ele (a) precisa de um contato de Emergência de confiança, ele (a) escolheu você para este
contato. O que isso significa é que se alguma coisa acontecer com o ele (a), você será a pessoa que
estará entrando em contato com a nossa agência para nos avisar e a partir daí nós iremos tomar
conta de tudo que ela (e) precisa para receber os seguros.


Preciso confirmar seus dados para que possa lhe enviar uma carta com todas as informações.


Pegar Email, endereço e confirmar o nome completo.


Lead name: Excelente, muito obrigado e em aproximadamente 2 semanas você estará recebendo
pelo correio todas estas informações. Antes de finalizar nossa ligação, deixa eu lhe fazer uma
pergunta: você já escutou falar destas proteções que tem benefícios em vida onde você pode receber
parte do seu seguro de vida em vida? Ou seja, a pessoa não precisa morrer para acionar o seguro
dela.


If no: Vamos agendar uma hora com o consultor financeiro que atendeu o NOME DO CLIENTE para
lhe explicar em detalhes. Esta reunião não é cobrada e ninguém melhor do que o CLIENTE NOME
para lhe dizer como foi a sua experiência com nosso consultor financeiro.


If yes: Seu seguro tem todas as proteções que você precisa em caso de doenças graves? Parte do
trabalho do consultor financeiro é fazer uma análise de tudo que a pessoa já tem e explicar com mais
detalhes. A grande maioria dos nossos clientes que já tinham algum tipo de seguro, não sabiam
exatamente o que eles fizeram, pois normalmente após eles terem feito algum tipo de seguro, a policy
foi para gaveta e eles não lembravam de detalhes. Este atendimento não é cobrado e ninguém melhor
do que o NOME DO CLIENTE para lhe passar detalhes deste atendimento.
                                                       We all want whatʼs best
                                                     for our childrenʼs futures.
                                                           A head start on their ﬁnancial
                                                           security could be the best gift
                                                                     you could ever give.




START SAVING FROM DAY ONE.
The sooner, the better. Quality higher education is coming at a premium these days, and all of the projections
indicate that the trend will only continue in the coming years. The longer you give your savings to collect
interest, the better your results will be.

ENCOURAGE LOVED ONES TO GIVE THE GIFT THAT KEEPS ON GIVING.
When family members and friends celebrate your childʼs birth, subsequent birthdays, holidays, and other
milestones, encourage donations to your childʼs college fund. Every monetary gift they give will contribute to
a legacy of learning.

STAY FLEXIBLE.
Resist the urge to limit your options to conventional college savings vehicles. An outside-the-box approach
could produce better results in the long run. Certain products can serve to eliminate limitations involved with
traditional 529 plans, CSAs, UTAs, IRAs or Education Savings Bonds.


We work with our clients to outline ﬁnancial and savings
solutions that ﬁt their lifestyle and budget. The strategies we
employ help to ensure your future college graduate will be
armed with the vital education they need to thrive in todayʼs
world, without being burdened with excessive student loans.



CONTACT US TODAY, AND LETʼS WORK
TOGETHER TO REALIZE YOUR CHILDʼS DREAMS.

                         Frederico & Camille Martins
                         954.404.4300
                         fred@fredericomartins.com
                         www.fredericomartins.com
       THE POWER OF
       LIVING BENEFITS
       LIFE INSURANCE


HEALTH INSURANCE ALONE DOESN’T COVER ALL THINGS FOR ALL PEOPLE.
Medical bills, lost income, and the cost of ongoing care due to critical and chronic illnesses
are the cause of 62% of bankruptcies each year. Of those bankrupted patients, 75% were
covered by health insurance, and it wasn’t enough to protect them from financial ruin.

DO YOU HAVE THE “OLD” KIND OF LIFE INSURANCE?
You don’t still have a rotary phone hanging on your kitchen wall, do you? So why would you still rely on an old-fashioned
traditional life insurance policy to protect the things that matter most in your life? Living Benefits are the smartphones of
life insurance - a “new kind” of protection that is designed to protect the American family of today.

LIVING BENEFITS: LIFE INSURANCE YOU DON’T HAVE TO DIE TO USE
Traditional life insurance policies only pay out at death, but Living Benefits provide crucial
funds when you need them most. If you experience a terminal, chronic or critical illness, such
as a heart attack, stroke, or cancer diagnosis you can access your death benefit while living.
                                                                                                                       ADDITIONAL
                                                                                                                      INCOME FROM
THE MOST EFFECTIVE PROTECTION AGAINST MEDICAL BANKRUPTCY.                                                                LIVING
                                                                                                                        BENEFITS
INCOME                                                                    INCOME


                                          DEBT
EXPENSES                                                                  EXPENSES


Surviving a major illness will lead to increased expenses and decreased   Living Benefits plans offer clients benefits when they need them most –
income. Once your expenses begin to outpace your income, you begin        helping to fill the gaps a health insurance policy doesn’t cover, especially
accumulating debt. This leads to medical bankruptcy.                      non-medical expenses, such as mortgage, car, food, etc.


WE’RE EXPERTS. LET US HELP.
                                Frederico & Camille Martins
                                954.404.4300
                                fred@fredericomartins.com
                                www.fredericomartins.com
                                                            Your home is one of the biggest
                                                              investments youʼll ever make.
                                                                                               Protect it.


HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS.
If youʼre like most Americans, your home is the largest purchase you have ever made, and the most valuable asset you own,
ﬁnancially-speaking. Your mortgage payment is likely your familyʼs largest monthly expense, and you work hard to dutifully
pay down your mortgage balance every month.

BUT WHAT IF YOU WERE TO BE SUDDENLY HIT WITH UNEXPECTED MEDICAL BILLS?
What if you are out of work for several months at a time recovering from a heart attack, and canʼt keep up with your mortgage
payments? What if you or your spouse passed away unexpectedly, leaving the other to shoulder the burden of the mortgage
payment on their own? These arenʼt pleasant situations to imag ine, but it is a risk that is important to be prepared for.

PROTECT YOUR INVESTMENT.
Typically, these plans are designed to pay oﬀ the balance of the mortgage should the policyholder pass away within the
coverage period (typically 30 years, to cover a 30-year mortgage). Our mortgage protection plans are unique in that they
come infused with Living Beneﬁts ‒ meaning they donʼt only pay out upon the death of a policyholder. Our plans also put
much-needed money in the policyholderʼs hands if they suﬀer a major illness ‒ like a heart attack, stroke, or cancer. This
money can be used to keep the mortgage bills paid in those potentially diﬃcult ﬁnancial times, and oﬀer peace of mind
when it comes to keeping a roof over your familyʼs heads.




WEʼRE EXPERTS. LET US HELP.

                            Frederico & Camille Martins
                            954.404.4300
                            fred@fredericomartins.com
                            www.fredericomartins.com
                                                  Only 14% of Americans are conﬁdent
                                                        that they will be able to retire.
                                                               Where do you stand?

WHAT IF YOU COULD:
• Grow your money when the market goes up, but never lose money when the market goes down?
• Defer taxes as your cash value accumulates?
• Potentially access that cash value using tax-free policy loans and withdrawals,
  and use those funds for retirement income or other needs?
• Provide a tax-free death beneﬁt for the people who depend on you?

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO? WHO DO YOU TURN TO? HOW CAN YOU GET HELP?
We have the answers. Our ﬁnancial professionals will walk you through each step of the process, educating
and guiding you to the information that will empower you to make informed choices.

HOW IT WORKS:                               YOUR TAX-FREE RETIREMENT POLICY:



                                    Builds cash                  Provides a tax-free
                                   value income                 death beneﬁt to your
                                   tax-deferred                  named beneﬁciary


              This cash value can be accessed                      Built-in accelerated beneﬁt riders
                  through policy loans and                          allow you to access the death
              withdrawals, providing a tax-free                    beneﬁt in the event of a terminal,
                 retirement income stream.                              chronic or critical illness.

WEʼRE EXPERTS. LET US HELP.

                       Frederico & Camille Martins
                       954.404.4300
                       fred@fredericomartins.com
                       www.fredericomartins.com
