                                                                                                                            Annuity Commission
                                                                                                                         General Terms and Rules
        Commission Rate: The percentage rate used in the commission calculation to determine the amount of commission to be
        paid.

        First Year: Commission based on premiums received and applied to the policy during the first year (twelve months) of the
        contract.

        Renewal: Commission based on premiums received and applied to the policy as defined on the commission schedule.

        Service Fee: Commission based on premiums received and applied to the policy as defined on the commission schedule.

        Override commissions: The commission rates shown on the commission schedule are gross commissions. If an agent is
        contracted at a level under you, you will be paid the override commission which is the difference between your gross
        commission and the sub-agent's gross commission.

        Issue Age is determined by the actual age of the Annuitant at policy issue.

        Vested Commission: First Year and Renewal commissions are vested. Vested commission shall continue following
        termination without cause. If termination is for cause all commissions will immediately cease.

        Non-vested Commission: Service Fee commissions are non-vested and will cease upon contract termination with or
        without cause.

        Chargeback: Commissions may be charged back for Not Taken policies and/or premium reversals. Policy surrender and
        death of Owner/Annuitant within certain timeframes (see chargeback section below for details).

        Large Cases: For policies exceeding $500,000 of initial premium please see Large Case Compensation rules.

        National Life reserves the right to delay the payment of any commissions due until the Insurer has received the delivery
        receipt, if applicable, the required free look period has expired, and National Life has determined that the subject sale met
        the Insurer's and/or National Life's standards for such sale in effect from time to time.

        No commission will be due on a transaction which does not meet such suitability and best interest standards.




National Life Group® is a trade name of National Life Insurance Company, Montpelier, VT, Life Insurance Company of the Southwest (LSW), Addison, TX,
National Life Distribution, LLC (NLD) and their affiliates. Each company is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations. LSW
is not an authorized insurer in NY and does not conduct insurance business in NY. Compensation is paid by NLD. NLD also conducts business as National
Life or, in some states, National Life Insurance Agency.
20746(0225)                                                                                                                                       Cat. No. 53732
                                                     Agent Use Only - Not For Use With The Public
TC116816(0920)P                                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3
         Advance Commission

         National Life offers a Commission Advance Program on annuity policies billed on a salary reduction basis and/or
         monthly pre-authorized check (PAC). Advance commissions are a percentage of the expected commissions of an
         annuity policy for which the premiums are to be paid during the advance period, subject to a per policy maximum.

         As premiums are received on policies with an outstanding advance balance all or a portion of the commissions will
         be used to pay off the advance balance until fully paid. When the advance balance is zero all future commissions
         are paid as earned.

         If at any time there are 6 consecutive months without any premium payment all of the remaining unpaid advance is
         charged back and offset against any monies payable to you. If the 1st policy anniversary is reached all or a portion
         of the remaining unpaid advance is charged back and offset against any monies payable to you.

         For more details on the options available and their payback arrangements contact your managing upline.


         Trail Commission

         Trail commission is the only payment available on certain policies and optional on others. For policies where trail
         commission is optional, the trail commission option is elected on a policy-by-policy basis by the writing agent. Trail
         commission is vested and payable quarterly beginning at the end of the fifth policy quarter following the policy issue
         date. The rate shown on the commission schedule is an annual rate, of which one quarter (1/4) of listed rate is paid
         quarterly. Calculation of trail commission is based on the Accumulation Value of in-force policies the Agent elected
         to be paid under the trail commission schedule. In policy years 11+, trail commission is not paid, instead a non-
         vested service fee is paid as long as the Field Contract remains in-force.

         Service Fees under the Trail Commission Schedule (not applicable to any other Service Fee) become vested to
         the writing agent provided:
             1) The sum of the Accumulation Values of the policies for which the Trail Commission Schedule has been
                   selected total at least $1,000,000 and
             2) The writing agent has been continuously appointed with the Insurer for 15 years, or has attained age 65
                   and has been continuously appointed for 10 years

         The effect of vesting of Trail Service Fees is to remove the requirement for the Agent to be appointed with the
         Insurer to be eligible for such Trail Service Fees. All other conditions required for the Agent to be paid Trail Service
         Fees shall be unaffected by this vesting provision.




20746(0225)                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 3
    Commission Chargeback

    A commission chargeback shall apply at any time when such an event as defined occurs on the policy during the timeframe
    listed. All commissions paid up to the chargeback percentage shall be indebtedness due to National Life.


                                                                            Timeframe from
               Product(s)                         Event                                                     Chargeback %
                                                                              Policy Issue

      Zenith Growth 5, 7 &10
      Growth Driver 7 & 10 Income
      Driver 7 & 10
                                       1) Death of Owner and/or
      Zenith Income 7 & 10
                                          Annuitant                           0 - 12 months                      100%
      Flex Secure Growth 5, 7 &10
      Flex Secure Growth Bonus 10      2) Policy Surrender
      Flex Select Income 10
      FIT Secure Growth
      FIT Select Income RetireMax
      Secure 3 & 5

      Any other LSW annuity            1) Death of Owner and/or               0 - 6 months                       100%
      policy not listed above             Annuitant                           7 - 12 months                       50%




    Adjusted Commissions

    For policies that are internal exchanges or from flexible premium policies where the premium has been redirected from
    another in-force policy see Internal Exchange and Redirection Rules for commission payout guidelines.

    If any employer requires the waiver of any amount of Withdrawal Charge as a condition to transacting business with that
    employer, commissions will be reduced in any amount equal to the commission payable on the Withdrawal Charge so
    waived, but never to exceed the commission paid.

    Commission may be adjusted for circumstances required for policy issue on an as-needed basis for which execution of a
    single case agreement will be required.




20746(0225)                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3
