                                                                         LOGO

Pass Your Exam on the First Try!                                                                                              Training Packages
Your First Step to Become an Insurance Agent
                                                                                                                                   Start at:

Five Rings Financial
has partnered with XCEL Solutions to provide you with discounted
                                                                                                                                $49.99
pricing on your Insurance Pre-licensing Training. Use your company's                                                                   Originally: $199
dedicated Partner Site for exclusive pricing and to log in:
                                                                                                                               *Any applicable state reporting fees
                                                                                                                                or taxes will be added at checkout.
https://partners.xcelsolutions.com/brazillionaires


        Enroll in 4 Easy Steps!
         STEP 1: Visit Your Partner Site
         Access your company’s dedicated Partner Site for exclusive pricing and to log in after purchasing:
         https://partners.xcelsolutions.com/brazillionaires
         Helpful tip: Make sure you're in the right spot by confirming in the top grey bar you see Partner: brazillionaires




         Don't see this? In the pop-up when you land on the site or in the top grey bar throughout the site,
         enter your Partner Code:




         STEP 2: Find Your Training
         In the Find courses now section, select:
                              •     State – the state you wish to get licensed in
                              •     Education – ‘Get License’
                              •     Line of authority – Life and Health


         STEP 3: Select Your Package
         Next, choose the licensing package that best fits you and click Add to Cart.

         STEP 4: Check Out
         You're almost there! Click Continue to Checkout where you will create an account and finalize your purchase.
         To begin your licensing course, click My Training in the top right. If returning later, be sure your navigate
         back to the Partner Site first before attempting to log in. *Any applicable state reporting fees or taxes will be added at checkout.



Your Dedicated Account Team                                                                                                   Need Assistance?
nathan.wright@colibrigroup.com                                                                                                866-559-9235
                                                                                                                              support@xcelsolutions.com
nicole.mahoney@colibrigroup.com
